Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
♪ Well you can't understand
what you just can't imagine ♪
♪ It's all wonderful here ♪
♪ As we drive through
the countryside ♪
Ooh, yeah, thank you.
What you thinking?
Excuse me?
I can see you didn't
really like it
so I was wondering
what you're thinking.
Didn't realize I was
under surveillance.
Just getting the vibe.
What's wrong with it?
Where do I start?
I just... think there's
a bit much going on.
The colors, yeah,
it's a bit busy.
Gives me a headache.
Right.
What about you?
It was definitely not
my best piece, but.
- You painted this?
- Yeah.
Oh my God, is this your event?
Yeah.
Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
It's fine, honestly,
it's totally fine.
No, I'm so sorry, it's not-
Honestly, it's fine.
I didn't mean to offend you.
You didn't offend me,
it happens all the time.
Thank you for trying
to make me feel better
but I'm sure that's
not the case.
Can I get you a drink
as a way of apologizing?
No.
- This is your event.
- Yeah.
You're paying for the champagne.
Yeah, its my champagne.
I'm sorry, it's been
a really long day.
Ah, fuck it.
So what are you doing here?
Clearly not for the
amazing art on the wall.
Yeah, I was meant to
be meeting a friend
and she bailed on me.
She's the arty one.
Right, do I know her?
Sarah Quinn?
I don't think she knew you.
I think that she just,
she lives in the area.
Just she has really
good taste in art.
But not her friends.
I'm sorry.
Honestly, it's totally fine.
A few of us are gonna go
out and grab some food after
if you wanted to come and join.
Oh, thank you.
I can't this evening actually.
No, it's fine, I
was just wondering.
Maybe another time?
Do you want to hear
more of my thoughts?
Yes, I'd love to get
more of your thoughts.
Critique my outfit or my...
Oh.
No, that would be really cool.
- Should I take your number?
- Yeah, yeah.
I'm Tess, by the way.
Henry, nice to meet you, Tess.
Nice to meet you.
Their reaction was to go
completely the opposite way.
Just ludicrous surrealism.
Would you say that that's art?
So is that what
you're aiming for?
Alright, clearly my taste is-
No, no, but how is it
going for you actually?
- It's going fine, it's okay.
- Just okay?
Could be better, but-
Have you ever sold anything?
Well from the exhibition
or like in general?
From the exhibition or
I don't know in general?
You don't think
I've sold anything?
No, I do.
Okay, I think we've established
I'm not your target audience.
But there were lots
of people there.
Someone must have
bought something.
I did, I sold a couple.
- Well, congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Cheers.
How much would one
of your paintings be?
I'm just interested.
Okay, well, like the one that
you really, really liked.
For example.
- Yeah.
You know, it was about 800.
Wow.
What, is that a lot?
Have you ever been up the Shard?
I haven't actually,
I've been around it.
Around it.
Base, I've been around the base.
Like Borough Market?
- Yeah.
I love it down there.
Have you ever been to
that pasta restaurant?
Which one is that?
It's called Pa-day-a or
Padella or something?
It's like an offshoot of one
and it's meant to be
the most amazing pasta.
Is it good, have you been?
I've been to the
original restaurant.
Yeah, it's really good.
How long have you
been in London?
Been about 10 years.
Wow, really?
Yeah, I don't think
I ever wanna leave.
I just feel like it
has the ability to,
I dunno, you know
when you have like,
you know when you
have like a shit time
it picks you up and
sorry, I'm just rambling.
Yeah, you are.
No, honestly, I totally,
I get what you mean.
It's like an old friend
or something, isn't it?
It knows all your secrets but
doesn't judge you for them.
Yeah, exactly.
- Cold, you cold?
- Yeah.
Do you want my jacket?
No, I'm fine.
I'm an independent man.
Never said you weren't.
What do you want to do?
I don't know, should
we have a walk or?
Or kiss.
I had a really nice day.
- Good morning.
My mom made us some breakfast.
Your mom?
Yeah, it's my Mom's place.
I'm joking!
It's not my mom's
place, its my place.
I have got you a little full
English Henry extravaganza.
Oh, thank you.
Did you forget I'm
actually vegetarian?
Oh fuck.
No, it's so nice of you.
- So sorry.
- No, its fine.
- Bollocks.
- Thank you.
- Oh, well.
- Sorry.
- Do you like coffee?
- I love coffee.
Good, okay, you like it black?
- Jesus Christ!
- Oh shit, sorry!
Oh shit, oh fuck.
- Okay, just don't worry.
- No, no, no, no,
these are fucking, these
are quite important sheets.
- Oh, that's fucked.
- Important sheets?
Yes, these are
actually my Mom's.
These are honestly her favorite.
Can you just get out,
I need to change it?
Oh no, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, okay.
Oh fuck.
Can you not just leave,
I think it will come out.
It's just-
It's kind of the
same color, isn't it?
Yeah.
I'll just have to tell her
that you soiled the sheets.
Nice.
Yeah, like Spud in
"Trainspotting."
- What's that?
- Spud in "Trainspotting."
Please tell me you've
seen "Trainspotting."
No.
You haven't seen
"Trainspotting," my God.
Sorry.
Oh my God, okay, well
I'm gonna forget that
but there's a scene in it where,
okay, the character Spud, he's
one of the characters in it
played by Ewen Bremner,
which isn't important,
but anyway, he goes and
stays at his girlfriend's,
who lives with her
parents at their house
'cause he's coming off heroin.
He gets loosey, goosey bowels,
anyway, he wakes up and
he's kind of soiled himself
so he gets the duvet and gathers
it up and goes downstairs
to put it in the washing machine
but the Mom and the
Dad and girlfriend
were down there
having their breakfast
and then the Mom says I'll
put it in the washing machine
and then he says no, I'll do it.
And they kind of just tussle
and the sheets pull
apart and shit just...
splatters on everyone's face.
Oh, gotta see that movie.
Yeah.
The way you described
is like wow.
There's more to
the film than that.
I don't know why
I just said that.
No, it's good, it's nice
kind of like mood setter.
Yeah.
Careful, you're in
the fucking coffee.
Where's the one place
that you wanna go
to in the world
that you haven't been
to before you die?
What? before I die?
This is a
serious question.
Yeah, but why do I have to die?
Couldn't it just be
someplace I wanna go to?
Unless I'm ill.
Okay.
You've traveled, right?
You have a passport?
Yes, I have a passport.
And yeah, I'm really
well-traveled.
Ireland doesn't count.
Okay, I'm not that
well-traveled.
- California.
- California?
- Yeah.
- Why California?
Everyone just seems really
friendly over there.
Positive and it's really sunny.
- Liberal.
Yes, liberal.
Okay well, let's
go to California.
- What now?
- Someday, you and me.
- California?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Yeah.
- Bye.
- I'll see you tonight.
I'll see you tonight?
Hello?
- Did you sleep okay?
- Not really.
- Really?
- No.
- Did I snore?
- You do snore a little bit.
- Did you know that?
- No, fuck off.
No one has ever told
me I've snored, so.
I'll record it next time.
You snore and you dribble
a little bit as well.
- Like this.
- No, can you-
That's you.
Okay, changing the subject.
Disgusting myself.
- Dribbled on my leg.
- Sorry.
What the fuck?
Oh my God.
Okay, here's a top
tip from Cosmo.
Go on, tip me.
Okay, nights when you can't
sleep, count octopus feet.
- Count octopus feet?
- Yeah, it works a treat.
Count to eight?
Or, or, if you
don't like that one,
burning tigers,
works every time.
Why have they got to be on fire?
I don't know, I just,
someone told me.
That they have to be on fire?
Yeah, it works.
Or I could just give you a
nudge and stop your snoring.
- Sure.
- And dribbling.
I'm actually, I'm done.
You not having anymore?
I should actually wash my face.
Please, please do.
Do you want a
tissue or something?
No, got my sleeve.
Stop looking at me.
Why are we watching this?
Just please, it's good, just
give it like 10 minutes.
It's literally the
worst human beings
on the planet all together.
I don't get it, what's the
point in watching this?
It's just so entertaining.
Entertaining?
It also is actually kind
of interesting to watch
from just the
perspective of like
just the way men deal with a
situation compared to women.
All right, so it's a piece
of social commentary.
Yes, thank you.
I mean, I literally
feel about 30% dumber
since it started, which
is about two minutes ago.
Oh, shut up.
Okay, it's this guy, he came
in like a week ago or something
and then you see the
girl in the pink.
Yeah, I see her.
- With the real.
- Yeah.
The real.
So he, sorry.
Oh my God.
Sorry, he made a play for her,
even though she's kind in
a relationship or whatever.
So now tonight's episode is
gonna be like the repercussion.
Okay.
Oh wow.
He made a play for her?
Then how come he's doing
that with that one?
Don't know.
- Oh.
He's a dick.
He's a complete penis.
I still don't get it.
♪ Don't you know how much ♪
♪ I don't love you ♪
♪ Don't you know ♪
♪ And can't you see how much ♪
♪ I don't need you ♪
♪ Just like you were
never really there. ♪
- Okay?
- Yeah.
I don't mean to be intrusive
but it smells like
something's burning.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, this, there we go.
- Wow.
- There I go.
This looks, I don't know.
Well, it's all in the taste.
Don't know how this looks.
Okay.
Try it, it's not gonna kill you.
- Try it.
- Okay.
Huh?
Little crunchy maybe?
Good?
Really good?
Really, really good?
One really, really good?
It's good.
It's not good, is it?
Shut up.
Oh God, it's repulsive,
I'm so sorry.
What?
Let me try some.
No way.
Fucking hell.
- Inedible.
- That is disgusting.
Oh my God, oh my God, fuck
you Ottolenghi, Jesus Christ.
I followed the recipe.
Did the recipe say anything
about burning the artichokes
to tiny particles?
It said hold them
over the stove.
- Jesus, I'm so sorry.
- Don't worry.
- I'm so sorry.
- No, don't worry.
Thank you for trying.
Yeah, thank you
for patronizing me.
I'm not, I'm not, look,
it can happen to people.
But just, just,
just promise you,
just promise you
won't do it again.
Yeah, I promise.
What do you wanna do?
- Oh God.
- Should we order in?
- Yeah, I think so.
- I'm so sorry.
Oh, honestly, you
tried, but can you,
do you want to move it?
It's bad, isn't it?
Sorry, just the smell,
it's like into my nostrils.
- Awe.
- What?
I feel so bad but
thank you for trying.
What should we get?
Not that.
Yeah, I think I had
that excuse last time.
Do you know what though?
Quite a lot of people showed up
and I sold a couple paintings.
Nice, good work.
Thanks, man, I was really happy.
- Really happy.
- Nice work, put on a show.
All right, tell me what is it?
Maybe met a lady.
So that's your
look of love is it?
Yeah, no man, I met
this really nice girl.
- Oh, what's her name?
- Tess.
What does Tess do?
Tess is a lawyer.
Yeah, well triple
threat, actually.
She's really sound
and very pretty.
Yeah, so I'm just waiting
to fuck it up to be honest.
Why would you fuck it up?
I don't know, I just feel like,
we just, we're very different.
Opposites attract,
everybody knows that.
I wouldn't worry about
it, man, it's fine.
Do you know what,
coming from you, Johnny,
the absolute Don
of relationships,
I think the longest one
you've ever had is what,
about a week?
Low blow.
That means a lot, honestly.
That's fair, look, it's
time to celebrate I think.
Another pint?
No, I'm good actually.
I'll just finish that and then-
Come on, man, celebrate
your new love, a few beers.
I am actually quite
skint at the moment, so.
I'll get them in, it's fine.
I'm whittling the
cash or something.
Dude, no, I'm all right
with cash, thank you.
Thank you, I don't
wanna take your money.
I don't like borrowing money,
I'm all right, thank you.
Don't be an idiot.
I'm working my hole off
for this fucking arsehole.
Might as well give a
bit of cash to you.
Have a good time with
your new lady friend.
- Come on.
- Another pint.
Right, deal, another
pint, let's do it.
I'm cool with that.
Maybe water for you.
Okay.
- Did you write it?
- Yeah.
I'm actually a bit
nervous to read it.
- Be kind.
- I will.
I'm in all kinds of trouble now.
The kind where you
wake up on a train
and everything,
everything's strange.
And where am I?
And when did the seasons change?
I must've been asleep.
I'm sure I must be late.
I'm in all kinds of danger.
The stranger on the platform
is not a proper stranger.
You're here with me, she says.
Isn't it great?
And she's right.
The kind where there's too
much meaning on the edges
of sites because she might be
there and you randomly weep.
I'm in deep, deep, hot water
in a boiling hot geyser
in the mist of the mist of
the ridiculous Icelandic snow.
You know you should give
up the fags and eat fruit
because life should last longer.
This life should last longer
if someone like her exists.
Everybody, lock away your razors
and save your lovely wrists.
Someone like her exists.
I'm in every single
kind of trouble now,
the kind where a man could write
himself a significant part.
I'm in very grave danger
of a change of heart.
That was amazing.
Is it someone from work?
Is it Don?
- No.
- No, oh my God.
Okay, his name's Henry
and he's an artist.
- Famous artist?
- No, not famous.
I mean, he'd like to
be famous, but no.
- Yes.
- Tell us more.
Well he's he's very
scruffy like a puppy.
And he's a terrible cook.
Oh no, no, no, no, get
rid of him right now.
- Is he vegetarian?
- No, he likes meat.
He actually eats a lot of meat.
And the reason you're
dating again is what?
I know, no, it's good.
Where'd you meet?
We met at one of his
exhibitions in the,
you know the gallery behind
the disused fire station
- in Greenwich.
- I know.
So I was there, I was
going to meet Sarah.
She bailed obviously.
And so standing in
front of this picture
and then this guy comes
over to me and he's like,
what do you think
of this painting?
Which to be honest,
was pretty shit.
It wasn't shit but
it wasn't great.
Anyway, so I started telling
him like what I like,
what I don't like,
this and that.
Oh God, I can see
where this is going.
So then I turned to him and
I was like, what about you?
What do you think?
And he turns to
me and he's like.
♪ I was looking to the Bible ♪
♪ I was looking at a girl ♪
♪ If you try you can remember ♪
♪ That what she sees
is just what you know ♪
♪ Tired of feeling
sick for you ♪
♪ I was driving
up the mountain ♪
♪ Said I need someone ♪
♪ Wherever you go, whatever
you do, I'll be waiting ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ We can live on the mountain ♪
♪ Like living in the sunset ♪
♪ We can live on
this way, true ♪
♪ We can live on the mountain ♪
♪ Like living in the sunset ♪
♪ I wanna live on
the mountain, blue ♪
♪ I was looking
through the Bible ♪
♪ I was there at the show, I ♪
♪ Oh, don't really wanna
lose these here, come radio ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ For you to find ♪
♪ We can live on the mountain ♪
♪ Like living in sunset ♪
♪ We can live on
this way, true ♪
♪ We can live there for listen ♪
♪ Like children
on the swing set ♪
♪ I Wanna live on
the mountain, blue ♪
♪ Up the mountain,
god will save you ♪
♪ Put the pieces back together ♪
♪ Up the mountain,
god will save us ♪
♪ Put the pieces back together ♪
♪ Up the mountain,
god will save you ♪
♪ Put the pieces back together ♪
♪ Up the mountain,
god will save you ♪
♪ Put the pieces back together ♪
♪ On the mountain,
god will save you ♪
♪ Put the pieces back together ♪
Told ya.
I didn't tell you I was
terrified of heights.
Did I mention?
And it was your idea.
Yeah.
So many buildings
just popping up.
So many cranes.
Who's living in them?
It's mad.
Hey, I was thinking
we should go away
for the bank holiday
weekend, somewhere nice.
I don't know.
What, why?
I've got quite a lot
on at the moment.
- Like what?
- Like on my paintings.
I've got the exhibition
in September,
I can't just drop things.
Yeah, you can.
You don't have to drop
them, but you're freelance.
You can take a weekend.
Please, work's been so hectic.
I could already do
with a weekend away.
It's the only weekend that we'll
be able to do it this year.
It's not just that,
I can't really afford to
go away at the moment.
Don't worry about it, my treat.
No, no, no, I don't, I'm
not letting you do that.
Okay, well, you pay me back.
In September, just
sell out your show.
Oh, okay.
- Easy?
- Yeah, fine.
I'll make sure it sells out.
No, honestly, I don't mind.
I just don't like it.
I don't like owing people money.
Okay.
Don't worry.
Sorry, it just doesn't
sit well with me.
Okay.
Just bare with me, picture this.
You and me on a beach,
somewhere in the Aegean Sea.
Just like white sand,
turquoise water,
no stress, no work.
- Free cocktails.
- Sounds really horrible.
Or we could just stay here.
Yeah, of course.
Look, brown Thames,
beautiful gray skies.
Yeah, tropical.
I'm sorry, you're
right, you're right.
It would be, it sounds
nice, let's do it.
Yay.
And I'll sell out my exhibition.
Perfect, deal.
No, it'll be really nice.
Hello?
Hey, sorry, hi Jack.
Yeah, it's going good, man.
Just in the studio
at the moment.
Just working on the new series.
Thanks, yeah, I know,
it's going well.
I'm happy with it.
What's that?
What do you mean?
They can't just
do that, can they?
He's fucking serious?
That's their reason?
Man, I've, can we
get another one?
Can we get another
gallery to take it?
And what did they say?
Jack, I'm really fucking
broke at the moment.
Dude, I seriously
need this, man.
All right, all right.
Fuck!
So as you
would have seen
from your written appraisal
you've exceeded our expectations,
really well done, Tess.
We've been very impressed
by your commitment
and the hours you've
put in, really.
There are obvious
areas to improve in
as expected from every
associate of your level.
One of the areas we highlighted
is business development.
I know, it's hard.
It is hard at your level
to find a network of people
that will eventually give you
work, especially in disputes.
It's tricky,
because as you know,
unlike corporate where you
can get repetitive work,
you know, with us we must
create a network of people
that will think of us
whenever a problem occurs.
And you will never know
when that will happen
which is why you've
gotta get out there,
over and over again.
Because when somebody instructs
you as a dispute lawyer
they will instruct you because
you're the first person
on their mind basically.
And that's only gonna happen
if you were the last
person they heard from
and you will never know
who that person will be.
It could be a friend.
It could be a former client,
it's worth remembering.
Okay, well congratulations.
You should be
really proud, Tess.
Thank you, thanks.
- Are you gonna ask?
- Hmm?
How it went to
today, my appraisal.
Oh shit, sorry, sorry.
Are you gonna ask?
Yeah, yeah, I was gonna ask.
I was just, my, sorry,
I just had a bad day.
What happened?
I don't wanna talk about it.
Henry, you're gonna just
sit here in silence?
Yeah, yeah, do you
know what, Tess,
I'm just gonna sit in silence.
I just don't wanna
fucking talk anymore.
Just tell me what happened.
Please.
What happened?
- They pulled my exhibition.
- What?
- Mm.
- Who did?
The gallery.
Can they do that?
I don't know, I don't
know, apparently yes.
Apparently they
can just pull it.
Have you seen a contract?
No, I haven't seen a contract.
I don't do contracts.
Jack deals with contracts.
Okay, well what's Jack saying?
He's saying they just
replaced me with someone else.
Who?
Some girl called Sophie Allen.
- Who is she, do you know-
- Me neither.
No, I looked her up.
She's some emerging
artist, rising star,
according to the Guardian.
It's obviously bullshit.
It's just complete
Keith Haring rip off.
Or maybe,
maybe it's a sign that
you need to change.
Change what?
Change your style.
Change my style,
change my, yeah, sure.
Fuck it, I'll just
change my style.
It's not like I've worked
hard to get where I am, right?
Henry, I'm not saying that.
Obviously, I know
you've worked so hard.
Then what are you saying, Tess?
Why am I just gonna
change my style of work?
Because you want-
10 years to try and get this.
So what?
I've worked hard, what?
start from scratch.
No, don't start from
scratch but go from here.
I'll work in charcoal now.
No, just move forward, you
want to sell your paintings.
Yeah, of course I want
to sell paintings.
You made it work so maybe
it's time to change slightly.
Just fucking try something new.
Okay, yeah, okay.
Sorry, you're right.
Yeah, maybe, sorry.
It's gonna be okay.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm sorry about the exhibition.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
How was your, what
did they say at work?
Oh, it was fine, it was nothing.
Yeah, it's all good.
So, how's the painting going?
It's good, good,
good, good, not bad.
Well, don't let the
bastards grind you down.
You've got to be patient.
I mean, look, it took me
10 years to sell anything.
Mind you, Handsome Traveler,
that was a God damn masterpiece.
I was thinking of changing
my style a little bit.
Ooh, what do you
want to do that for?
Well, I'm not exactly
selling loads of paintings.
No, no, no, that's the
worst thing you can do.
It's just giving in to demand.
And that is the graveyard of
all creativity, you know this.
Dad, Dad, I need to
pay my bills, so.
Oh, oh, right.
See that's what's wrong
with your generation.
It's all the buy this, buy
that, travel here, travel there.
What ever happened to
living within one's means?
I live-
You own a house in Islington.
Well, yes, which I bought cash
from earnings 35 years ago.
Congratulations.
Was quite an achievement.
Look, what you need is
to find yourself a muse.
You know, a companion.
It works a treat.
You trust me.
There was this one woman I was
with, Isabella was her name.
- Yeah, I remember.
- Oh no, no, no, no, no.
This was before I
met your mother.
- Honestly.
- Really?
Yeah, now she was one of the
glories of God's creation.
A thing of absolute beauty
and smart as a whip.
Those were the good old days.
I made some of my best work
when I was with Isabella.
Well, I'm actually seeing
someone at the moment, so.
Oh for God's sake, no,
you do not see a woman.
You see a dentist or
a lawyer or a priest.
You are with a woman.
Well, she is a lawyer.
Oh, you have got to be joking.
Have you not been listening
to a word I've said?
Listen, you need
to be with a woman
who will get the best out of
you, who will inspire you,
not remind you of the
terms and conditions
of your tenancy agreement.
Well, she does
actually inspire me.
Oh?
Well, you know, I
am happy for you.
You enjoy it while it lasts.
I mean sooner or later
you're gonna find yourself
just standing in the street
with a handful of ticker tape
blinking in the sunlight.
What the fuck is ticker tape?
Ticker tape, it, it,
look, all relationships
are just a car crash
looking for somewhere to happen.
It's just a matter
of time, believe me.
And what ever
happened to Isabel?
Well, you know, all good
things come to an end.
Thanks for the pep talk.
Well I was afraid you were
gonna ask me for money, but.
Think I might go
home this weekend.
It's a good idea.
I can't believe
this is happening.
I just didn't, didn't ever
think this would happen to me.
Sorry, it's horrible.
There's nothing to say that
she can't get through this.
That's not what the
doctors are saying.
Doctors don't always know
what they're talking about.
My friend, John, when I was
growing up, we were about five.
John's mom got told that she
had a few months to live.
She's still here now.
They don't always know what
they're talking about, Tess.
Do you want me to come with you?
No, I don't think
that'd be a good idea.
I could just be an
extra pair of hands.
Even just helping your dad out.
Clean the house, I
don't know, anything.
Just think about it.
I suppose it would be, yeah,
maybe it would be helpful.
- It's gonna be okay.
- Okay.
Just, just spare
me the optimism.
Just trying to be helpful.
I know, it's just a bit.
Feel like a Christian.
Okay, well I'm here
if you need me.
Thanks.
I just think it'd be bad.
You think, Henry?
Okay, I'm just saying,
it's just like,
don't shut it down.
Are you even following the map?
For fuck's sake.
You've missed the turn,
you've missed the turn.
Well you're meant to be
fucking doing the map Tess?
For fuck's sake.
I'm driving, I don't
know where I'm going.
You can't read the fucking map?
I'm driving, I can't
fucking do it all, alright?
Okay, alright.
Maybe you should fucking drive.
- Okay, yeah, let's go, swap.
- Fine.
Fucking hell.
Okay, slow down, fuck, Tess.
Shut the fuck up, let me drive.
All right, I'm just saying,
I think we were meant
to go back that way.
We were definitely meant
Just turn, just turn around.
I'm not even asking for
that much, you know,
I'm just saying.
Yeah, but that
wasn't my decision.
Well then, but how, yeah,
no, no, yeah, I actually,
I do understand.
No, I get it, I do
get it, I get it.
I'm just saying, you know,
if not the exhibition
then why can't we just do
something more collaborative with.
Exactly, you know,
more brand stuff.
Like Alex.
Yeah.
Well.
I don't think he
is asking for much.
Well get them.
Well, basically, we're not
just selling any works.
Why is that on me?
Well, how can you get?
Actually, I think I've
seen one of your paintings.
The other day.
It was in a private
hedge fund in Mayfair
hanging in a meeting room.
Was it really?
From your black and
white collection.
Whoa.
You should be proud.
Honestly, I didn't know
that had gone there.
More wine, anyone?
I knew I'd sold one.
I'm all right, I have
quite a lot still.
Claire?
No, actually I'm
at my provision.
What, a big night?
No Tess, but thanks for that.
No.
What?
No, I just, I've got some news.
I told you, I told
you when I saw her.
Eyes up!
I'm not pregnant.
Not yet.
I, yeah, I, me and Mike
decided to start trying so,
and I'm actually
ovulating right now.
So I just don't want
to turn up too drunk,
mess the whole thing up.
- It's a thing.
- No, I know.
It's a thing, it's an app!
There's an app for everything.
Literally, - There's an app.
Well congratulations,
that's exciting.
- Cheers to that.
- Cheers to ovaries.
- Cheers.
- A new human.
That was weird phrasing.
Would you know if
this would be a boy
or if it was a girl, sorry?
No, you would not know.
It's not like you pay extra
and you get to decide.
Well, Mike obviously
wants a boy and I,
you know, I want a
little girl, so yeah.
- Well we'll have to see.
- We'll see.
- Well 50-50, flip a coin.
- Flip a coin, exactly.
Just like that.
What about you guys?
Have you ever thought about
having kids, children?
- No.
No?
That is not
something that we've-
That's never come up.
I think you guys would
make amazing parents.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't feel like.
It kind of takes two, but no,
I don't think, I'm not ready.
I don't think you're ready.
What's that supposed to mean?
It takes two.
To make a baby?
Actually now we
don't really need.
Yeah, exactly, exactly,
with advancements.
Just download the app.
The ovulation and
whenever you're ready.
Get a donor
Yeah.
Henry, are you still
doing music or anything?
- A little bit.
- Yeah?
Messing around.
Anything you're
doing at the moment?
I've always got a few little
bits and bobs going on.
It's not like a... it's like
a little hobby, I suppose.
Go on, show us.
Play some.
Go on, it'll be fun.
No, it would be a
really nice thing to do.
We're having dinner.
Yeah, let's, you know, share.
- Really?
- Yeah!
Alright.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, that's fun.
♪ I'm on the tips of my toes ♪
♪ Drowning but nobody knows ♪
♪ Steady as she goes ♪
♪ Sat in a bar on my own ♪
♪ Staring at girls
I don't know ♪
♪ I used to be dreamer ♪
♪ Now I don't sleep that well ♪
♪ Dragging my feet
through a fairy tale ♪
♪ Sarcastically
raising a thumb ♪
♪ What a loser ♪
♪ I've become ♪
♪ I can't seem to
lace up my shoes ♪
♪ I know there's nothing to do ♪
♪ I wanna go dancing ♪
♪ But the music's too loud ♪
♪ Writing in pen though
I'm reading braille ♪
♪ Hoping my callouses fail ♪
♪ Drinking myself
through a parallel ♪
♪ Trip on the tip of my tongue ♪
♪ What a loser ♪
♪ Such a loser ♪
♪ I've become ♪
- That's amazing.
- That was great.
Have a lovely trip back.
Hey man, I'll see you in a week.
Cool, man.
You tore my
heart out with that song.
We'll learn the
lyrics for next time.
Four part harmonies.
See ya, drive safe.
- Bye.
Bye.
I think it's good they came.
- Fuck.
- Are you asleep?
Obviously I'm asleep, why are...
You literally just went
to bed five minutes ago.
Why are you putting
the light on?
I couldn't find
my phone charger.
Well can you turn it off?
Tess, turn the light off.
Okay.
- Alright, just, alright-
- Don't start like that.
- Just tell me what-
- Why did you go to bed?
Just tell me what I did.
What, is this what it is?
I just want you to tell
me what I've done wrong
and then I can just deal with it
and we can turn the light off.
What did I do?
What? I didn't do
all the washing up?
They're your friends.
Why didn't you stay down there?
They're my friends?
We were having people to dinner.
I did enough.
You did enough?
You played a fucking
song, a stupid song.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I played a song.
They asked me to
play a song, sorry.
It's not about a song.
Well, turn the light off then.
Can you even read music?
No, no, I can't read music.
You know I can't read music.
John Lennon couldn't
fucking read music.
John Lennon?
Yeah, John Lennon
couldn't read music.
Are you comparing
yourself to John Lennon?
Yeah, comparing myself-
Jesus fucking Christ.
Of course I'm not comparing
myself to John Lennon.
I'm just making the fucking
point that he can't read music.
Why does everything have to
be so fucking square with you?
Can't read music, no-
Square, don't call me square.
Doesn't matter.
What is your problem?
I sang a song, your
friends liked it.
You humiliated me tonight.
Oh my God, dramatic.
- Humiliated you?
- Yes.
What, 'cause I played a song?
- No, at fucking dinner.
- What?
When Claire asked if we'd
thought about having kids.
Yeah?
You were like, no, it takes two.
Like what, what does that mean?
What do you think
they're gonna think?
It's so embarrassing.
What do you think it means?
She was talking about her
ovaries, for fuck's sake.
I don't care.
You know that I'm
a private person.
Don't do that in front
of my friends, okay?
Maybe if it wasn't
true, I wouldn't say it.
It does take two.
You gonna get the light?
Can you turn the light off?
I've got an early morning.
Have to go to work.
I can't breathe.
Okay.
♪ We can live on the mountain ♪
♪ Like living in the sunset ♪
♪ We can live on this, true ♪
♪ We can live on the mountain ♪
♪ Like living in the sunset ♪
♪ I wanna live on
the mountain, blue ♪
Henry, people work to live.
Like it's not the
case for everyone
but that is what people
have to do in life.
So for you to literally refuse
to do anything different,
anything, make
any changes at all
just to make a living,
to have some success,
to provide something
for this house,
I genuinely don't understand.
I really want you
to explain to me.
This is a genuine question.
Alright, yeah.
Well I don't know what
you want me to say?
How many times do I have
to say in that same way?
I can't think of
another way to say it
is I'm a fucking artist.
Explain it to me again.
Okay, I'm an artist.
- Yeah.
- Right?
- Mm-hmm.
- I make art.
- Yeah.
- That's what I do.
Why can't you try and
make art that sells?
Art isn't commerce, okay?
Art is a feeling, it
comes from within.
I'm not just gonna like
follow the pound signs
'cause you can't do that.
There's no fucking formula.
There's no calculations that
you can make to make art.
It doesn't work like that.
Where would you be living
if we weren't together?
You need to make money to
live, you're a fucking adult.
I know, but it just can fucking
happened like that, Tess.
You don't know what's
around the corner.
Okay, so how long are
you gonna give it?
How long?
When I'm done,
when I'm finished.
- When you're done, okay.
- I can't not do this.
Do you understand?
I can't not do it.
So do you want me
to keep working
and paying our rent
and paying for our food
and paying for
everything that we need?
Are you okay with that?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah?
Okay.
Don't make out that you
buy everything as well.
I buy stuff.
What do you buy, Henry?
That chair.
- That chair?
- Yeah.
You bought that
chair from Johnny
when you helped him move
flat, he gave it to you.
You didn't fucking
buy that chair.
Yeah, but I got the chair.
Why does it matter
if I pay with it?
Because the point is you
haven't paid for anything
in the last two years and I'm
fucking sick of it, sorry.
I'm gonna, I'm just gonna
go out for a bit, okay?
You seen
my yellow jumper?
Yo, Tess, have you
seen my yellow jumper?
No.
It's not in the drawer.
Do you know the one
I'm talking about?
The woolen one I
got in Scotland.
Yes, I think I saw
it by the front door.
Why is it
by the front door?
Did you wear it?
I don't care, who cares, maybe,
but have you looked
by the front door?
I'm gonna look now.
It's not by the front door.
Not in the laundry,
it's not in the drawer.
Yeah, I don't know.
Henry, I'm just trying to read,
I'm just taking
a moment to read.
Can you just
find it, please?
No, I'm not gonna
fucking find your jumper.
What are you
pretending to read?
What is that, is that a book?
Wow, there's a change.
I'm trying to read.
I know you're trying.
What is it, a picture book?
Shut the fuck up.
Joking, a bit touchy.
- Normally you're just-
- Get the fuck out!
It was in the drawer.
I looked in the wrong one.
Fuck's sake.
Do you want another one?
I've got an early
start tomorrow.
I probably shouldn't.
Gotta get home to Harry.
- Henry.
You know his name is Henry.
- Henry, sorry.
- Yeah, he's at home.
How's it going?
It's going.
I think that we're definitely
gonna have two more.
Can I get two more please?
Are you looking forward Kiev?
No, not at all.
It is going to be the most-
- Boring?
- Boring.
It's a good career though.
Yeah, okay.
- Yeah, okay.
- No?
- Well.
- Sarah is there.
And Jared.
Yeah, but I can guarantee you
that I won't see either of them.
Yeah, that's true.
Oh, have you heard
about the big surprise?
- No.
- Anderson.
He's gonna make a speech.
How the fuck did he manage that?
No idea, I have no idea.
Toast?
To be fair, last year
when I went it was awful,
but the final night is amazing.
- Really?
- Yeah.
So what am I doing, just
living for the weekend?
Live for the weekend,
get through it
You'll have a good time.
Good, I'll take a, I'll take
that and hope for the best.
I wish I was going with you.
Actually you should, why not?
- No, I've done it once.
- Come on.
Thank you.
So you're just leaving
me to the lion's den?
You'll survive.
- So.
Why are you up late?
Where have you been?
I told you, I was having drinks.
- No you didn't.
- After work drinks.
- Yeah, I did, I told you.
- No, you didn't.
I've been trying to call you,
why aren't you
checking your phone?
What?
I said I've been
trying to call you.
Well, my phone died ages ago.
I told you, stop
looking at me like that.
You didn't tell me which is why
I fucking cooked
us dinner, Tess.
You don't fucking cook, Henry.
It's in the bin if you
want to get it out.
I'm sorry.
Sure.
Where were you?
I just told you I was
having drinks after work.
Yeah, I can see you
were having drinks.
What is that supposed to mean?
Well, your eyes are
like fucking wonky.
Yeah, well when you drink,
you get a bit drunk.
So that's just
what happens, yeah.
Oh my God, you're an
absolute fucking mess.
Sorry?
I said you're a mess, Tess.
Shut the fuck up.
Stop judging me.
I fucking worked all week.
I'm allowed to have a
few drinks after work.
Yeah, maybe just tell
me in the future.
I did tell you, Henry.
If you listened, maybe-
What were you doing, just
drinks, colleagues, networking,
talking business, really
interesting lawyer stuff?
Yeah, I'm so boring, I'm so
fucking boring, fuck you.
You just sit at home
all day doing nothing.
You're a lazy piece of shit.
Yeah, that's what
I've been doing.
Yeah, what does playing
the somber music.
Like go out, get
some fucking air.
Oh my God.
Meet people, have a drink.
I've been out,
thank you very much.
- I've been out.
- I'm getting a drink.
Don't get a drink, you're
fucking pissed, Tess.
You don't need a drink.
I'll get a drink
if I want a fucking drink.
Alright, tell you
what, I'll get you a drink.
Get off me!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Fuck's sake.
I just wanna know where the
fuck you were, to be honest.
That's all I wanna know
and you haven't told me yet
so you're making me feel like
maybe something's going on
because I didn't know
about these drinks.
Something's going on?
- Yeah, where were you?
- Do you not trust me?
- No, actually, I don't.
- You don't trust me?
No, because you ain't telling me
where the fuck you
are these days.
I was out for drinks
with my friend Richard.
See, oh, there it
is, with Richard.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, Richard.
- Yeah, fucking great.
He tried to kiss me.
I didn't let him.
Are you fucking laughing at me?
Yeah.
I don't know if you're fucking-
Fuck you!
I don't know if you're
telling the truth anymore
or if you're just absolutely
fucking bullshitting me.
I don't know.
I don't know if you're
telling me the truth
and that's the problem.
I think you're probably lying.
You think I'm lying?
Yeah, tell me the truth.
- He tried to kiss me.
- And what did you do?
- I fucking-
- Tell me what you did.
I fucking slapped him.
But I wanted to kiss him.
You fucking.
Where's
the fucking vodka?
Just talk to me, Tess!
- Talk to me!
- What do you want?
I wanna know why you
wanted to kiss him.
Why don't you like me, Tess?
Why can't you just
say you don't like me?
Instead of going out and
getting fucking pissed?
Kissing guys, what the fuck?
I didn't kiss him!
What the fuck, bullshit,
bull-fucking-shit!
Fuck you, fuck you!
I'm going
to fucking bed.
Fuck you, Henry!
Clean that fucking
shit up, clean it up!
- Mess, you're a mess!
- I fucking hate you.
- I hate you.
- Yeah, I know!
I fucking hate you!
How's the hangover?
Nothing?
No shame, no sorry,
no I fucked up?
♪ I'm on the tips of my toes ♪
♪ Drowning but nobody knows ♪
♪ Steady as she goes ♪
♪ Sat at a bar on my own ♪
♪ Staring at girls
I don't know ♪
♪ I used to be a dreamer ♪
♪ Now I don't sleep that well ♪
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
♪ Dragging my feet
through a fairytale ♪
♪ Sarcastically
raising a thumb ♪
♪ What a loser ♪
♪ I've become ♪
♪ I can't seem to
lace up my shoes ♪
♪ Though it seems I
have nothing to do ♪
♪ I wanna go dancing ♪
♪ But the music's too loud ♪
♪ Dragging my feet
through a fairytale ♪
♪ Sarcastically
raising a thumb ♪
♪ What a loser ♪
♪ I've become ♪
♪ Writing in pen but
I'm reading braille ♪
♪ Hoping my callouses fail ♪
♪ Boozing my way
through this parallel ♪
♪ A drink on the
tip of my tongue ♪
♪ What a loser ♪
♪ Such a loser ♪
♪ I've become ♪